%% Hello.
Hello.
My name is Ilya. You can call me Elijah.
To be honest, I'm a little bit worried because:
  First,  I have weak English - it's my second language,
          and I haven't had to do interviews in English before.
  Second, I've recently arrived in the USA, and the job search here
          as an IT specialist is a new experience for me.
However, I hope that I will be a good candidate for you.
%% Briefly tell me about yourself.
%% Provide a brief overview of yourself.
%% Share a concise introduction about yourself.
In short, I'm a DevOps engineer. I'm 29 years old. I'm from Russia.
8 months ago, I moved to live in the USA due to recent events in Ukraine.
A week ago, I received a work permit,
  and now I want to continue evolving(advancing/developing) as a DevOps engineer.
My relevant work experience, excluding the months when I didn't work:
5 years and 5 months (since July 2017).
Of those, the last 3 years and 3 months, I've been working as a DevOps engineer.
Before that, I worked as a web developer for 2 years and 2 months:
  handling full stack responsibilities with a focus on backend, coding in PHP and JS.

%% What salary(compensation) do you offer(are you offering)?
Could you please provide me with information about
  the salary range expected for the vacancy you are offering?
I'm asking this because I don't fully understand the local job market yet,
  and I don't want to find myself in an awkward situation,
  because I requested a salary that was too high.
%% What are your salary expectations?
%% What salary are you looking for?
%% What kind of salary are you aiming for?
This has always been a challenging question for me, and in Russia, and especially now.
I think somewhere in the range of X to Y per year would be great(work well).
%% Why so(that amount/range)?
%% Why that (+particular/specific) figure(number)?
%% Do you consider it an appropriate(to be a fitting/is a suitable) salary for you?
I'd like to highlight(emphasize) that I have a limited understanding (don't have a solid)
of the local market here. This is an approximate(rough) estimate
  based on my review of salaries for similar vacancies on the Internet (online).
In any case, I don't have any job offers at the moment,
  and any salary you offer me would be the best offer for me.
Just assess my qualifications, and if you find me suitable,
  please suggest(propose) a salary that you presume(deem/consider) appropriate(fitting).

%% How do you consider(evaluate/access/gauge/view) your expertise(proficiency/level)?
%% How skilled of a specialist do you consider yourself to be?
That's a difficult question for me. Let's say.. I assess(consider) myself as a Middle.
I haven't really found a foolproof way to gauge my skill level,
  mainly because the DevOps field encompasses a wide array of tools and technologies.
Sometimes my work experience aligns well with a company's tech stack, sometimes it doesn't.
In cases where it aligns, I might be perceived(seen) as a senior, whereas in other cases,
  there's no assurance(guarantee) I'll even be considered for a position(this job).
Subjectively, I'd rate myself as a confident Meddle-level specialist(professional).
Anyway, at all my previous jobs, my supervisors were generally satisfied with me(my performance),
  considering my experience at the time and the salary I was receiving.
However, the more I learn, the more I realize how much I still have to learn (don't know).
%% Name your strengths and weaknesses.
%% What are your strengths and weaknesses?
%% Share your strengths and areas for improvement.
My weaknesses (areas for improvement) from most critical to less critical:
  English language proficiency
  Databases  - I'm not suited for a full-fledged database administrator role.
  Networking - I lack(don't have) enough knowledge and the required experience (qualifications)
               for a full-fledged network administrator role.
My strengths in descending order:
  Monitoring, logging, tracing, alerting - I enjoy setting up monitoring for large(extensive) infrastructures.
    I have(possess) hands-on experience with tools like Prometheus, Grafana, Alertmanager, ELK, Sentry.
  Git-flow/CI-CD - I've been (+actively) involved in implementing (I've contributed to setting up)
    git-flow and CI/CD processes from scratch. Though(although) such tasks require(do demand/necessitate)
    a significant(substantial) investment of time (amount of time investment).
    The Tools I've used(utilized) include GitLab and GitLab CI.
  I believe that my programming skills are better than what is typically expected of system administrators:
    Languages and technologies I'm familiar with(proficient in/skilled in):
      Git    - I'd rate(rank) myself as a B level.
      Bash   - I'd rate(rank) myself as a B level.
      Python - I'd rate(rank) myself at a C level.
      PHP/JS/CSS - Outdated skills from when I worked as a web developer(my time as a web developer).
    I understand(comprehend/grasp) some principles of programming patterns,
      such as Object-Oriented Programming, Object-Relational Mapping, Model-View-Controller and a few more.
    I have a surface-level understanding of algorithms and data structures.
      I'm familiar with (I know about) the concept of asymptotic complexity
      (I know what asymptotic complexity is).
      and how to evaluate(access/gauge) algorithm efficiency.
%% What achievements can you share?
%% Can you provide more details about your accomplishments?
%% What are the most interesting tasks you've tackled?
%% What are some of the most engaging(intriguing) challenges you've taken on(faced)?
Once(There was an instance where), I independently implemented(set up) and configured
  a monitoring system for a company: Prometheus, Grafana, and Alertmanager integrated with Slack.
For the same company, I developed(crafted) a Python program that scanned(surveyed) the infrastructure
  and dynamically generated Grafana dashboards.
For(in) another company(organization), I standardized git-flow practices for development teams.
  Thanks to this, I was able(It helped me/This enabled me) achieve(to implement/to establish)
  a full-fledged(comprehensive/complete) CI/CD.
Additionally, I also created(developed/authored) a Python API client
  for an internal corporate site to automate(streamline) colleagues' workflow.
I created(developed) a Helm chart for Sentry that includes a complex migration-system during installation.
  The free version involved(required) deployment via(through) docker-compose (used docker-compose for deployment).
  In the end(As a result/Ultimately), I ended up(wound up) with around(approximately/roughly) 30 manifests:
    7 Deployments, 3 StatefulSets, 10 Services, 5 Jobs, and 5 CronJobs.
%% Could you (share more details about/elaborate on/provide an in-depth overview of) your work experience?
My latest(most recent) role as a DevOps specialist(professional) was in a small startup in Moscow.
  Working within a team of 3, which included myself,
    my team lead, who is also (+working as) an Site Reliability Engineer
    and system administrator working with hardware.
  It can be said, that I was responsible for managing(I managed)
    around(about/approximately) 70% of the infrastructure,
    which fortunately(thankfully) wasn't overly complex(extensive).
  Key responsibilities included(encompassed):
    Around 300 servers, 3 development teams with(of) approximately 5 persons each.
    10 microservices-based applications, with 4 stages for each.
  I handled (My responsibilities encompassed) all tasks(nearly everything)
    except direct hardware management and network setup(configuration).
Prior to(before) that, I worked in(contributed to/was engaged with) a Russian retail network
  resembling(akin to) 7-Eleven.
  I supported(My role entailed supporting) the online store, warehouse services,
    and delivery systems across all environments, within(working in) a team of 10 DevOps engineers.
Prior to(before) that, I worked in(contributed to/was engaged with) a major(prominent) Russian bank,
  comparable to (akin to/that resembled) BofA.
  The workload included(involved) around(about) 3000 fairly(relatively) similar(uniform) servers.
  Responsibilities(My duties) encompassed:
    Maintaining mobile app services (excluding production environments),
    establishing CI/CD processes, supporting monitoring and logging systems.
Prior to(before) that, I worked in(contributed to/was engaged with)
  another major(prominent) Russian bank as a systems administrator.
  Although the role was straightforward(simple), it was necessary(I needed this position) for my resume.
  Because my prior experience was only(only consisted of) two years in development
  and I wasn't initially(immediately) recognized(seen) as a DevOps engineer.
  The workload consisted of 10 servers, with approximately(roughly) 10 Docker containers each.
  (+My) Responsibilities involved(encompassed) manual application deployment and maintenance.
My initial relevant work experience was as a web developer.
  I was engaged with(worked in) this role for 2 years and 2 months.
  Besides(Apart from) website development, I gained(obtained) a general(comprehensive)
    understanding of the internet, Linux, Git, command-line operations,
    and the various roles within the IT field(landscape).
  Tasks encompassed(included) developing and maintaining online stores on Magento.
  I had(My role encompassed) full-stack responsibilities,
    primarily(mainly focusing on) backend (PHP) and some frontend work.

%% How do you handle(manage) conflicts with colleagues or superiors?
If (+it's) possible(feasible), I would choose(opt) to postpone(defer) addressing the conflict(issue)
  until the next day. Because It's often a good idea to give everyone involved some time to cool down,
    reflect on the situation, and recharge(get some rest).
  Taking a step back and approaching the conflict with a clear mind
    can often lead to a more productive resolution.
Then, after some time, I would take steps to resolve (work towards resolving) the conflict.
If there's no possibility of delaying, I would address the conflict directly(right away).
When it comes to conflict resolution:
  Firstly, I would attempt to resolve the issue through one-on-one communication.
    Often, open communication can clarify misunderstandings.
  If that doesn't lead to a resolution, I would escalate the matter to my supervisor.
%% What's most important to you at work?
%% What do you consider when choosing a job?
%% What factors(criteria) influence your job choices(preferences)?
%% What holds the most significance for(the utmost importance to) you in a work environment(setting)?
First and foremost(At the forefront), I prioritize
  intellectual fulfillment(satisfaction) from the work itself:
  having an up-to-date tech stack, engaging tasks, and opportunities for skill growth(enhancement).
Secondly, I usually admit without hesitation(second thoughts/wavering) that it's about money.
  (+And) Thirdly(In third place), is a friendly team.
Because, however you (spin/look at) it, work is undoubtedly(ultimately)
  more about earning(income) than making friends.
But, currently(at this point/now), my second priority is loyalty and a friendly team atmosphere.
Because, again, my English is still weak, and this might be annoying to my future colleagues(coworkers).
%% What are your future plans(aspirations for the future)?
%% What aspirations do you have for the future?
%% What do you envision for yourself in the future?
%% How do you see(envision) your career growth(progressing)?
I aspire to achieve fluency in English and continue to grow as a DevOps engineer.
if the opportunity arises, I wish to delve deeper into subjects(areas)
  like computer networks, Linux kernel, and programming languages like C/C++/assembly.
%% Do you possess(have/hold) a technical degree?
%% How about (What's) your education(educational background)?
I don't possess(have/hold) a higher education degree in a technical field.
My educational background is in fine arts.
But I didn't complete university; I dropped out after a year and a half
  due to financial reasons(issues/constraints).
Later, for approximately three years, I worked first as a web designer
  and then as a 3D artist in the gaming industry.
After that(Subsequently), my interest shifted towards programming,
  and I joined my elder brother as an intern programmer.
I had the valuable experience of spending 2 years working
  under his mentorship as a backend developer in PHP.
This was my first relevant experience for this job position.
